hey guys I'm just showing you a quick
video of the plotter that I'm selling on
gumtree
you see you guys can see it and work in
order before coming down yourselves so
I'm just going to do a quick test print
to show you guys that it doesn't do work
and loading an a4 sheet you can see it
does everything from a4 up to a-1 but
for the purposes of now I'm just going
to show you a quick a one other quick a4
so I'm just going to insert the sheet
make sure it's nice and snug you can see
it takes everything familiar for up to 2
a1 you'll be fit into that larger space
I just press ok I'll start to load the
sheet for us hopefully there it goes it
does actually take a roll feed as well
which I don't have installed at the
moment but it just fits on there and I
don't really use it that often so
there's just more convenient for me to
have it off but that's something that
you can definitely use if you want and
so this is just loading the sheet night
yep okay so I'm just going to go over to
the printer the computer and I and send
through a test print I'll not make a too
large I don't waste the ink on you guys
but there are you ain't in there you can
see there's to three different black
cartridges so you know you'll get a lot
of printing out of it before you have to
replace anything here comes the test
print
there we go you can see it's a really
really quick machine and the print
quality I mean is is fantastic I'll show
you a few examples here but everything's
perfect examples you can sort of see and
act on everything from from white on
black printing to full-color a one sheet
so it doesn't struggle at all and color
and contrast is really responsive to
what I have on the screen and don't know
what else to show you guys I think it's
a bargain and any questions please let
me know and hope to see you soon thank
you bye